Ew I heard you smell!:eyes:
Help, I'm being harassed
Dakota won't let me out of her basement
I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard you 'll have to take off your shoes to shit!
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!
You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch 60 Minutes!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone bill.
You so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
She  was  so ugly...  they used to push her face into dough to make gorilla biscuits
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say Sorry, no professionals!
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said Twins!
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped the clock!
She's so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
She's so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the dog to play with you.
You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're  so  fat  if  you  weighed  five  more  pounds,  you could get group insurance!
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for it!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people you are backing up.
Your so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
I'm  looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've  had  many  cases  of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
The  thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I  hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
No  one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You  were the answer to a prayer.  Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At  your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You  have  nothing  to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I  don't  consider you a vulture.  I consider you something a vulture would eat.
I  think you should live for the moment.  But after that I doubt I'll think so.
Man you're alive!  But I wish you weren't.
I  believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
I  admire  your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.
Roses are red, violets are blue, i have 5 fingers and the middle one is for You.
Yo mommas so dumb she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go!
Yo mama so dumb she stared at da orange juice bottle cause it said concentrate
Your momma is so fat that when she stepped on the scale it said one at a time please.
Yo mammas so fat you could slap her legs and ride the waves
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car for gas money
Yo Mama's so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.
You're mom's so stupid, she got locked up in a super market and starved
Yo Momma is so fat she walked out in high heels and came back in flip flops.
Yo' Momma's So Fat When her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama's so fat when she ordered a water bed they layed a blanket on the Pacific Ocean
Yo mamma's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
Yo mama so dumb that when I said christmas is just around the corner she went looking for it!
Yo Mamma's so fat it takes two busses and a train to get on her good side.
Your mom is so stupid, I said it's chilly outside, your mom ran outside wit a bowl and a spoon and asked where??
Yo Momma so fat she stepped on da scale and and it said to be continued...
Yo Mama's so poor, when I was asking why she was banging on the dumpster she said, My kids locked me out.
Yo Momma so dumb when she saw a bus with white people in it she said, Go catch that twinky.
Yo mommas so fat, she has to use a matress for a tampon.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she jumped off a boat and missed the water.
Yo mama's so fat, when she stepped on the dog's tail we had to change his name to Beaver.
Yo momma's so fat that when she goes outside in her yellow jacket people say Look it's the magic school bus!!!
Yo Mamma so fat that when the school bus drives by she yells STOP THAT TWINKIE!
Yo Mama so fat she went into a zoo and a zookeeper said, Oh boy...another elephant got out!
Yo mamma so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mamma is like a brick, flat on both sides and gets laid by mexicans!
Yo mama's so fat that when she went to wal-mart she tripped over k-mart and hit target!!!!:-D
Yo momma is so fat, she stepped on a dollar and made change.
Yo mama's so poor when I saw her kickin' a can down the street, I asked her what was she doing and she said she was movin'
Your mammas so stupid she got locked in mattress store and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so fat she sat on a rainbow and skittles came out....
Your mama is so fat she jumped in to the ocean and the whales stated to sing we are family.
Yo mama's so fat she has her own zipcode
Yo Momma is like a doornob, everyone gets a turn.
Yo mamma's so fat she fell in love and broke it
Yo Mama's so fat, when she stepped onto the scale it said to infinity and beyond!
Yo Momma so fat, when she went to swim in the ocean she said Oops I'm in the kiddy pool!
I thought you were ugly ... and then I met your mama
Yo Mamma is like a hockey playa, she doesnt changer her pads for 3 periods!
Yo Momma's so ugly on Halloween, people go as her.
Yo momma's so fat that when she jumped for joy she got stuck!
Yo Momma is so fat that her cereal bowl comes with a lifeguard.
Yo' mama so fat, she has to make a long distance call to talk to herself!
Yo Momma so fat her tanning bed was Mexico!
Your momma is so retarded she got stabbed in a shootout.
Yo momma's so fat, she walked in front of the t.v and I missed a whole series of friends!
Yo momma is so fat, she's taller sideways.
Yo Mamma so stupid that she went to Dr. Dre for liposuction.
Yo Momma so dumb, she sat on the TV to watch the couch
Yo momma's so fat, she uses the pacific ocean to take a bath.
I'm not here... but yo mama is ;-)
Yo Momma's so horny, when she found out Winnie the Pooh had no pants, she a got a boner.
Yo momma so greasy they hired her at the cinima to put the butter on the popcorn!
Yo Momma so stupid her favorite color is clear.
Yo mamas so fat that at the circus she nicknamed the elephant pee wee.
Your momma's so fat that when she fell in the forest, the loggers said TIMBER!
Your momma is so fat that when she sweats she can be used as a steam roller.
Your momma's so fat she has to use the ocean as her toilet!
Hey!! they made a song about your weight 8675309
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse!
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what the hell happen to you?
Right now I'm sitting here looking at you trying to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass.
If you didn't have feet you wouldn't wear shoes.....then why do you wear a bra??!
mirrors don't talk but lucky for you %n they don't laugh
Poof be gone, your breath is too strong, I don't wanna be mean, but you need listerine, not a sip, not a swallow, but the whole friggin bottle
People like you are the reason I'm on medication.
Don't piss me off today, I'm running out of places to hide to bodies
I have always woundered why people bang their heads against brick walls..... then I met you. Don't bother leaving a message.
Don't let your mind wander. It's way to small to be outside by itself!
I had a nightmare. I dreamt I was you.
Hey, Remember that time I told you I thought you were cool? I LIED.
I need you...........I want you............To get out of my face. Damn not you again.......
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but you abuse the privilege.
If I wanted to talk to you, I would have called you first.
I am not anti-social..I just don't like you
If you're gonna act like a dick you should wear a condom on your head so you can at least look like one !!!
Hmm...I dont know what your probelm is...but I'm going to bet it's really hard to pronounce...
There are some stupid people in this world. You just helped me realize it.
Until you called me I couldn't remember the last time I wanted somebody's fingers to break so badly.
If you ran 1,000,000 miles to see the boy/girl of your dreams, what would you say when you got there?
Wow, you looked a lot hotter from a distance!
Cancel my subscriptions ... I'm tired of your issues.
I may be fat,but you're ugly,and I can diet!!!
Earth is full. Go home.
If I could be one person for a day, it sure as hell wouldn't be you.
Hey, heres a hint. If i don't answer you the first 25 times, what makes you think the next 25 will work?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? Leave a message and I'll get back to you...
Oh dear! Looks like you fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down!
What's that ugly thing growing out of your neck... Oh... It's your head...
I'm sorry, Talking to you seems as appealing as playing leapfrog with unicorns.
Oh I'm sorry, how many times did your parents drop you when you were a baby?
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
God made mountains, god made trees, god made you but we all make mistakes.
Remember JESUS loves you but everyone else thinks you're an idiot.
I'm not mean ... you're just a sissy.
Sorry I can't think of an insult stupid enough for you.
Why don't you go outside any play, hide and go f**k yourself
Beauty is skin deep, but ugly is to the bone
How about a little less questions and a little more shut the hell up? I'm away live with it.
FOR THE LAST TIME! Your mother left here at 9 this morning... Leave me alone!
Let's see, I've walked the dog, cleaned my room, gone shopping and gossiped with my friends...Nope, this list doesn't say that I'm required to talk to you.
When you were born you were so ugly that instead of slapping you, the doctor slapped your mom! leave a message
My Mom said never talk to strangers and well, since you're really strange.... I guess that means I can't talk to you!
Forget the ugly stick! you must have been born in the ugly forrest!
I really don't like you but if you really must leave a message, I'll be nice and at least pretend to care.
You know the drill! You leave a message....and I ignore it!
The Village just called. They said they were missing their town idiot, I couldn't really understand them, but I think they were saying the name was yours...
I'm not here right now so cry me a river, build yourself a bridge, and GET OVER IT!!!
Why are you bothering me? I have my away message on cause I don't want to listen to you and your stupid nonsense.
You dont know me, you just wish you did.
Hey- I am away from my computer but in the meantime, why don't you go play in traffic?!
You have your whole life to be a jerk....so why dont you take a day off so.. leave me a message for when I get back!!!!
A small dick's like a disability, so I won't make fun of you.
After Covid is over, please carry on wearing your face mask so I do not have to look at you!
All right. All right, I'll confess… I confess you're a bigger idiot than I thought you were.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
At least Hitler killed himself.
At least there's one good thing about your body. It isn't as ugly as your face.
At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Being a dick to everyone won't make yours any bigger.
Brains aren't everything, in fact in your case their nothing.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
Did God design you from the leftover pieces in a trash can?
Did you forget to brush your teeth? Your breath stinks!
Do your keepers a huge favour: do a triple summersault through the air, and disappear up your own asshole.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's your parent's job.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
Earth is full! Go home!
Eat shit and live!
Even among idiots, you're lacking.
Even the shower doesn't want to see you.
Everyone's entitled to be stupid, but you're abusing the privilege
Everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie, everything that goes in is a poop.
Fake hair, fake nails, fake smile. Are you sure you weren't made in China?
Filth! Scum! A by-product of dirt and vileness!
Fuck you, you're ugly.
Funny little thing, your brain! How do you get around in that thing?
Gay? I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
Go and hide under something old!
Go away! I was looking at something better than you!
God made you as an example of what not to do.
Good story, but in what chapter do you shut the fuck up?
Go polish your crocs.
Grab a straw, because you suck!
Hang on, I'm still trying to decide whether I don't give a shit, or if I don't give a fuck!
Hey, train wreck! This isn't your station!
Hey, you have something on your chin. No, the 3rd one down.
How about you get lost in the ocean instead?
How many wrinkles does an asshole have? Smile! I'll count them!
I burst my pimples at you and call your door-opening request a silly thing, you tiny-brained wipers of other people’s bottoms!
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
I could get on your level, but I don't like being on my knees as much as you do!
I don’t want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough wiper! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
I hope one day you choke on the shit you talk!
I hope your next blowjob is from a shark!
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
I set my standards pretty low, so I'm never disappointed.
I think it's mating season at the zoo, so go back to the orangutans and get married!
I throw up when I look at you!
I was today years old when I realized I didn't like you.
I wish I bleached my eyes before I saw your face!
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
I would never date you. I'm lonely, not desperate.
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
I'd give you a nasty look but you've already got one.
I'd like to kick you in the teeth but why improve your looks?
I'd offer you some gum but your smiles got plenty of it.
I'd prefer a battle of wits, but you appear unarmed.
I'd say you're funny, but looks aren't everything.
I'd tell you to go stuff yourself, but that would be cruel and unusual punishment.
I'll never forget the first time we met. But I'll keep trying.
I'll speak to you in a language you understand: \Idiot you are!\
I'm jealous of all the people who haven't met you!
I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
I'm not questioning your honour. I'm denying its existence.
I'm sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer.
I'm surrounded by idiots... Or, wait, that's just you.
If I had a dollar for every time you said something smart, I'd be broke.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart.
If I'm ever in need of advice from a psychotic potato dwarf, you'll be the first to know.
If brains were gold, you'd be poorer than a homeless person!
If you don't think I ain't makin' a mental list of all your fuckin' bullshit...
If you have a problem with me, write the problem on a piece of paper, fold it, and shove it up your ass.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
If I throw a stick, would you leave?
If I wanted a bitch I'd have bought a dog.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
If I were your mirror I would commit suicide.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
If my dog had your face I would shave his ass and teach him to walk backwards.
If there was a vote for 'least likely to succeed' you'd win first prize.
If the human body is 75% water, how can you be 100% salt?
If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise, you're just an ass.
If your IQ was multiplied by anything it would still be 0.
If your parents were to divorce, would they still be brother and sister?
If your ugliness was measured in bricks, you would own The Great Wall of China
If you were anymore inbred, you would make a sandwich!
If you were the trophy at the end of the race, I'd run backwards!
Is it true when you were born the doctor turned around and slapped your mother?
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
Is it sad that your theme song might as well have a 0/0 signature?
Is your butt jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
It's not pretty watching a jackass trying to eat a pomegranate.
It's better to let someone think you are an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
I bet you wear a nose ring because no one wants to put one on your finger.
I can't help imagining how much awesome the world would be if your dad had just pulled out.
I don't engage in mental combat with the unarmed.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
I do desire that we may be better strangers.
I failed a spelling test because they asked me how to spell 'bitch' and I wrote down your name.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
I haven't seen you run that fast since Twinkies went on sale!
I heard you received a brain transplant but it rejected your body.
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
I hope your next period happens in a shark tank!
I hope you step on legos
I in no way advocate violence... but sometimes, a slap is worth a thousand words.
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you and smelled better too.
I know You're not as stupid as you look, Nobody could be!
I see you were so impressed with your first chin that you added two more.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I was pro-life. Then I met you.
I would burn you but burning trash is bad for the environment.
I would slap you, but shit splatters!
Jesus might love you, but everyone else thinks you're an idiot.
Just Because You Have The Emotional Range Of A Teaspoon Doesn't Mean We All Have!
Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you'll find a brain back there!
Life is full of disappointments and I just added you to the list.
Look, you aren't funny. Your life is just a joke.
May both sides of your pillow be uncomfortably warm.
May your wife give birth to a centipede so you have to work for shoes all your life.
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you they can't laugh either.
My middle finger salutes you!
N'Sync said it best, “BYE, BYE, BYE!”
Nice shirt, what brand is it? Clearance?
No, I checked my receipt. I didn't buy any of your bullshit!
Oh go on. Crack a smile. I want to see if your eyebrows drop off!
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality.
Okay, chopzilla, listen up, 👍 This little piggy went to the market. 🖕 This little piggy stayed home... And if this little piggy doesn't shut the fuck up, I'm gonna shove my foot up your fucking ass
One more wrinkle and you'd pass for a prune.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
People clap when they see you. They clap their hands over their eyes!
Please, I could remove 90% of your 'beauty' with a tissue!
Remember to look both ways before you go fuck yourself!
Repeat after me: \I am dumb!\
Roses are red, I don't give a fuck! Your mum and dad are fucking crazy for having you, ya fucking spunk bubble. Shut up!
Roses are red, poo is brown, shut the fuck up, and sit the fuck down.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I can't wait to punch you...
Save your breath - you're going to need it to blow up your date.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is!
Shut up. Just... shut up...
So tell me... Is your ass aware that your head has moved in?
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Someday you will go far, and I hope you stay there.
Someone once said You're pretty as a picture... I agree I would love to hang you.
Somewhere, somehow, you are robbing a village of their idiot.
Somewhere out there is a tree working very hard to replace the oxygen you consume. Now go apologize to it!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Sorry, I can't hear you over how annoying you are.
Sorry I didn't get that, I don't speak idiot.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
Suck Devilcock in hell!
Tell your mom to make your mac n cheese, I'll be home soon.
The next word that comes out of your mouth better be some brilliant fuckin mark twain shit cause it's definitely getting chiselled on your tombstone!
They say people get what they deserve. In your case, it's a participation trophy.
The 80's called, they want their haircut back.
The clothes you wear are so ugly even a scarecrow wouldn't wear them.
The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it!
The only accessory that could save your outfit is an invisibility cloak!
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
The only reason your partner likes you is because they were taught to enjoy the little things in life.
The only thing that goes erect when I'm near you is my middle finger.
The zoo called. They're wondering how you got out of your cage.
Thou art as fat as butter!
Twatface!
Twinkle Twinkle little star, you're the ugliest I've seen so far!
Twinkle twinkle little star, I want to hit you with my car, Throw you off a cliff so high, I hope you break your neck and die.
Twinkle twinkle little star, You're the  nastiest thing so far!
Twinkle twinkle little whore, close your legs, they're not a door.
U. G. L. Y. You ain't got no alibi, you ugly! Eh! Hey! You ugly!
Was one of your parents, a Naked Mole Rat? You're ugly as fuck!
We all sprang from apes, but you did not spring far enough.
What doesn't kill you, disappoints me...
What the fucking hell are you, you great gangly fuck-knuckle twat, greasy-haired cunt bag. Fuck you.
What's the difference between you and an egg? Eggs get laid!
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would ya?
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctors slapped your mum, animal control euthanized your sibling, and A&E made a documentary that saved your life.
When you were born, the police said you were a piece of shit. They shot you.
When I see your face there's not a thing I would change... Except for the direction I'm walking in.
When the airforce needs extra landing space they should just rent out your forehead.
When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, \I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through.\
When you were born your mom threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
Who lit the fuse on your tampon?
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale!
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot, but not for me to point it out?
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind!
You are an insult upon insults of a booble of an assortment.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it's a beautiful day.
You dense, irritating, miniature beast of a burden!
You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach!
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
You remind me of a penny. Two-faced, and not worth much!
You should introduce your upper lip to your lower lip sometime, and shut the fuck up!
You should use gorilla glue instead of a chapstick!
You walk behind your boss reaching through his legs and supporting his testicles.
You'd be suicidal if you felt as bad as you look.
You'll never be the man your mother is.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You're a fucking idiot.
You're a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake!
You're a knob-munching bumblefuck.
You're as ugly as Jason Voorhees in 'Friday The 13th Part 8: Jason Takes Manhattan'!
You're happy to believe in something that's invisible, but if it's staring you in the face, nope, can't see it. There's a scientific explanation for that: you're thick.
You're my favourite, you are. You are the best, you know why? Cos you're so thick! You're Mr Thick Thick Thickety Thickface from Thicktown. And so's your dad!
You're so fat, you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit!
You're so ugly that when your own mother dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering!
You're so ugly, Hello Kitty said goodbye to you!
You're so ugly, that when you popped out the doctor said 'Aww what a treasure', and your mom said 'Yeah let's bury it'
You're so ugly, when your mum dropped you off at school, she got a fine for littering!
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
You're the equivalent to a piece of shit at the bottom of my shoe!
You're the result of searching for yourself on Wish.com!
You're what the French call: 'Les incompetents'.
You're about as useful as a phone with no batteries.
You're as beautiful as a pig in a mud bath!
You're as beautiful as dog shit!
You're as bright as a black hole and twice as dense!
You're kind of like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You're like Mondays, everyone hates you.
You're like STDs, nobody wants you, everyone hates you and it proves your parents should have used protection.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
You're like dobby from Harry Potter, only people won't be sad when you die in the seventh book.
You're like school in July. No class.
You're like the human version of a headache!
You're not a model. You're a bitch with a smart phone and 37 editing apps. Shut the fuck up!
You're not completely useless, you can always serve as a bad example.
You're not worth roasting.
You're not yourself today, I noticed the improvement immediately.
You're proof evolution can go in reverse.
You're proof that God has a sense of humour.
You're so annoying even the flies stay away from your stench.
You're so dumb, your dog teaches you tricks.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
You're so dumb you make Kim Kardashian seem smart!
You're so fake, even Barbie is jealous!
You're so fat, that you have your own gravitational pull!
You're so fat, you make the galaxy look like it's on the molecular scale.
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
You're so fat you could sell shade.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.
You're so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
You're so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone.
You're so stupid. That's just it really. I got nothing else to add.
You're so stupid I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
You're so stupid you tried to wake a sleeping bag.
You're so ugly, that your own mother didn't even turn up to your birth!
You're so ugly, when you got robbed, the robbers made you wear their masks.
You're so ugly, when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
You're so ugly, when you threw a boomerang it didn't come back.
You're so ugly, your brain would fit in a candy cane.
You're so ugly, your face makes the news look good.
You're so ugly, your mother would run for the door if she saw you.
You're so ugly, your mother would throw you in the water with a stone.
You're so ugly, you make blind kids cry.
You're so ugly, you make onions cry.
You're the reason they invented double doors!
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're the reason why protection exists!.
You're the reason your dad drinks.
You're the reason your nan gets bullied at bingo!
You've got less meat in your pants than there is in a vegetarian restaurant.
Your head shape looks like a broken condom.
Your mother mates with reindeer!
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Your mum is so fat, she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones!
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.
Your value doesn't even amount to the juice squeezed from an old whore's soiled tampon!
Your IQ is lower than the Mariana Trench.
Your advice is about as useful as a paper-mache bomb shelter.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Your body fat is about as evenly distributed as wealth in the US economy.
Your brain's so minute that if a hungry cannibal cracked your head open, there wouldn't be enough to cover a small water biscuit.
Your face could scare the shit out of a toilet.
Your face looks like something I would draw with my non-dominant hand.
Your face makes onions cry.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
Your lips keep moving but I don't speak stupid.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
You are the human version of period cramps.
You bring everyone so much joy... when you leave the room.
You conserve toilet paper by using both sides.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
You have the kinds of looks that make people talk about your personality.
You have the perfect face for radio.
You have the subtlety of a brick and the depth of a shot glass!
You know, you are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain.
You look like a before picture.
You look like a rock smashed into a pile of sand, rolled into a blunt, and got smoked through an asthma inhaler.
You look like the after picture of a meth ad.
You look like the result of pressing random on the character creation menu.
You may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool anyone. You're really is an idiot.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You prefer three left turns to one right turn.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
You should wear a muzzle. No reason.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, \concentrate\.
You were so ugly that when you were born the doctor put tinted windows on your incubator.